OCPBUGS-35276 Feedback on PR 62354 (#86282)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-sriov-networknodepolicy-object.adoc

<8> The number of the virtual functions (VF) to create for the SR-IOV physical network device. For an Intel network interface controller (NIC), the number of VFs cannot be larger than the total VFs supported by the device. For a Mellanox NIC, the number of VFs cannot be larger than `127`.

> <9> `externallyManaged` indicates whether the SR-IOV Network Operator manages all, or only a subset of virtual functions (VFs). With the value set to `false` the SR-IOV Network Operator manages and configures all VFs on the PF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<9> The `externallyManaged` field indicates whether the SR-IOV Network Operator manages all, or only a subset of virtual functions (VFs). With the value set to `false` the SR-IOV Network Operator manages and configures all VFs on the PF.
```

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-capitalization
> Do not start a sentence with a lowercase term; rewrite the sentence.

+
[NOTE]
====

> When `externallyManaged` is set to `true`, you must manually create the Virtual Functions (VFs) on the physical function (PF) before applying the SriovNetworkNodePolicy. If the VFs are not pre-created, the SR-IOV Network Operator's webhook will block the policy request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `externallyManaged` is set to `true`, you must manually create the Virtual Functions (VFs) on the physical function (PF) before applying the `SriovNetworkNodePolicy` resource. If the VFs are not pre-created, the SR-IOV Network Operator's webhook will block the policy request. 
```

Back ticks are required since it's an object. I assumed that this line mentions it as resource as per this detail: `kind: SriovNetworkNodePolicy`

When `externallyManaged` is set to `false`, the SR-IOV Network Operator automatically creates and manages the VFs, including resetting them if necessary.

> To use VFs on the host system, they must be created through NMState, and `externallyManaged` must be set to `true`. In this mode, the SR-IOV Network Operator will not modify the PF or the manually managed VFs, except for those explicitly defined in the policy's nicSelector. However, the SR-IOV Network Operator will continue to manage VFs that are used as Pod secondary interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use VFs on the host system, you must create them through NMState, and set `externallyManaged` to `true`. In this mode, the SR-IOV Network Operator does not modify the PF or the manually managed VFs, except for those explicitly defined in the  `nicSelector` field of your policy. However, the SR-IOV Network Operator continues to manage VFs that are used as pod secondary interfaces.
```

====

<10> The NIC selector identifies the device to which this resource applies. You do not have to specify values for all the parameters. It is recommended to identify the network device with enough precision to avoid selecting a device unintentionally.
+
If you specify `rootDevices`, you must also specify a value for `vendor`, `deviceID`, or `pfNames`. If you specify both `pfNames` and `rootDevices` at the same time, ensure that they refer to the same device. If you specify a value for `netFilter`, then you do not need to specify any other parameter because a network ID is unique.

<11> Optional: The vendor hexadecimal vendor identifier of the SR-IOV network device. The only allowed values are `8086` (Intel) and `15b3` (Mellanox).

<12> Optional: The device hexadecimal device identifier of the SR-IOV network device. For example, `101b` is the device ID for a Mellanox ConnectX-6 device.

> <13> Optional: An array of one or more physical function (PF) names the resource should apply to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<13> Optional: An array of one or more physical function (PF) names the resource must apply to.
```

> <14> Optional: An array of one or more PCI bus addresses the resource should apply to. For example `0000:02:00.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<14> Optional: An array of one or more PCI bus addresses the resource must apply to. For example `0000:02:00.1`.
```

> <15> Optional: The platform-specific network filter. The only supported platform is {rh-openstack-first}. Acceptable values use the following format: `openstack/NetworkID:xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx`. Replace `xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx` with the value from the `/var/config/openstack/latest/network_data.json` metadata file. This filter ensures that VFs are associated with a specific OpenStack network. The operator uses this filter to map the VFs to the appropriate network based on metadata provided by the OpenStack platform.

Reviewer: Consider using an attribute for the OpenStack platfrom.

+
Do not set linkType to `eth` for SriovNetworkNodePolicy, because this can lead to an incorrect number of available devices reported by the device plugin.

> <19> Optional: To enable hardware offloading, the `eSwitchMode` field must be set to `"switchdev"`. For more information about hardware offloading , see Configuring hardware offloading in the Additional resources section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<19> Optional: To enable hardware offloading, you must set the `eSwitchMode` field to `"switchdev"`. For more information about hardware offloading , see "Configuring hardware offloading". 
```

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentence-style-for-non-xref-situations

> Do not state "in the Additional resources section" or other variants.
